docs(oss): simplify chunk aggregation in messages doc (#410)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/langchain/messages.mdx

    ```typescript Combine chunks
    import { AIMessageChunk } from "langchain";

>     let fullText = '';
>     for (const chunk of chunks) {
>         fullText += chunk.text;
>     }
>     const finalChunk = new AIMessageChunk(fullText);

Reviewer: I think we want to point people towards using the `.concat` function on AIMessageChunk directly since it does more than just aggregate text (if we're observing a stream directly, a chunk can also contain tool call chunks, content parts, etc.)

what about something like this instead?

```suggestion
    let finalChunk: AIMessageChunk;
    for (const chunk of chunks) {
        finalChunk = finalChunk ? finalChunk.concat(chunk) : chunk;
    }
```

Author: oof, I totally missed that this was a method on a class! partially because my linter (we use unicorn-eslint) flagged the rule violation that prefers the spread syntax over `concat`

all that is to say, for sure we should use the native method if it does extra stuff -- although _maybe_ there's an opportunity to rename it to `concatChunks` so as to avoid the potential misunderstanding that I made? not an easy decision, and not something we need to resolve here

I'll push an update with a slightly more typesafe version of what you've suggested
